goto 13402
say Ok, lasciatemi cantare una canzone dei Led Zeppelin IV
emote canta "Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move"
emote canta "Gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove."
emote canta "Oh, oh, child, way you shake that thing"
emote canta "Gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting."
emote canta "Hey, hey, baby, when you walk that way"
emote canta "Watch your honey drip, can't keap away."
emote canta "*Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah."
emote canta " Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah."
emote canta "I gotta roll, can't stand still,"
emote canta "Got a flame in my heart, can't get my fill,"
emote canta "Eyes that shine burning red,"
emote canta "Dreams of you all thru my head."
emote canta "Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah."
emote canta "Hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby,"
emote canta "Tell me what you do me now."
emote canta "Didn't take too long 'fore I found out"
emote canta "What people mean my down and out."
emote canta "Spent my money, took my car,"
emote canta "Started tellin' her friends she wants to be a star."
emote canta "I don't know but I been told"
emote canta "A big legged woman ain't got no soul."
emote canta "All I ask for when I pray,"
emote canta "Steady rollin' woman gonna come my way."
emote canta "Need a woman gonna hold my hand"
emote canta "And tell me no lies, make me a happy man."
bow
say Ok..grazie!
emote canta "It's been a long time since I Rock and Rolled,"
emote canta "It's been a long time since I did the Stroll."
emote canta "Ooh, let me get it back, let me get it back,"
emote canta "Let me get it back, baby, where I come from."
emote canta "It's been a long time, been a long time,"
emote canta "Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time."
emote canta "Yes it has."
emote canta "It's been a long time since the book of love,"
emote canta "I can't count the tears of a life with no love."
emote canta "Carry me back, carry me back,"
emote canta "Carry me back, baby, where I come from."
emote canta "It's been a long time, been a long time,"
emote canta "Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time."
emote canta "Seems so long since we walked in the moonlight,"
emote canta "Making vows that just can't work right."
emote canta "Open your arms, opens your arms,"
emote canta "Open your arms, baby, let my love come running in."
emote canta "It's been a long time, been a long time,"
emote canta "Been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time."
smile
bow
emote canta "The Queen of Light took her bow, and then she turned to go,"
emote canta "The Prince of Peace embraced the gloom, and walked the night alone."
emote canta "Oh, dance in the dark of night,"
emote canta "Sing to the morn    -    ing   light."
emote canta "The dark Lord rides in force tonight"
emote canta "And time will tell us all."
emote canta "Oh, throw down your plow and hoe,"
emote canta "Rest not to lock your homes."
emote canta "Side by side we wait the might"
emote canta "Of the darkest of them all."
emote canta "I hear the horses' thunder"
emote canta "Down in the valley blow,"
emote canta "I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon,"
emote canta "Waiting for the eastern glow."
emote canta "The apples of the valley hold,"
emote canta "The seas of happiness,"
emote canta "The ground is rich from tender care,"
emote canta "Repay, do not forget, no, no."
emote canta "Oh,-------dance in the dark of night,"
emote canta "sing to the morning light."
emote canta "The apples turn to brown and black,"
emote canta "The tyrant's face is red."
emote canta "Oh the war is common cry,"
emote canta "Pick up you swords and    fly."
emote canta "The sky is filled with good and bad"
emote canta "That mortals never know."
emote canta "Oh, well, the night is long"
emote canta "The beads of time pass slow,"
emote canta "Tired eyes on the sunrise,"
emote canta "Waiting for the eastern glow."
emote canta "The pain of war cannot exceed"
emote canta "The woe of aftermath,"
emote canta "The drums will shake the castle wall,"
emote canta "The ring wraiths ride in black,"
emote canta "Ride on."
emote canta "Sing as you raise your bow,"
emote canta "Shoot straighter than before."
emote canta "No comfort has the fire at night"
emote canta "That lights the face so cold."
emote canta "Oh dance in the dark of night,"
emote canta "Sing to the mornin'        light."
emote canta "The magic runes are writ in gold"
emote canta "To bring the balance back."
emote canta "Bring it back."
emote canta "At last the sun is shining,"
emote canta "The clouds of blue roll by,"
emote canta "With flames from the dragon of darkness"
emote canta "The sunlight blinds his eyes."
say Grazia! Molte grazie!
shake
say Questo e` tutto
cry
emote accorda la sua chitarra
emote canta "There's a lady who's sure"
emote canta "All that glitters is gold"
emote canta "And she's buying a stairway to heaven."
emote canta "When she gets there she knows"
emote canta "If the stores are all closed"
emote canta "With a word she can get what she came for."
emote canta "Ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven."
emote canta "There's a sign on the wall"
emote canta "But she wants to be sure"
emote canta "'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings."
emote canta "In a tree by the brook"
emote canta "There's a songbird who sings,"
emote canta "Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven."
emote canta "Ooh, it makes me wonder,"
emote canta "Ooh, it makes me wonder."
emote canta "There's a feeling I get"
emote canta "When I look to the west,"
emote canta "And my spirit is crying for leaving."
emote canta "In my thoughts I have seen"
emote canta "Rings of smoke through the trees,"
emote canta "And the voices of those who standing looking."
emote canta "Ooh, it makes me wonder,"
emote canta "Ooh, it really makes me wonder."
emote canta "And it's whispered that soon"
emote canta "If we all call the tune"
emote canta "Then the piper will lead us to reason."
emote canta "And a new day will dawn"
emote canta "For those who stand long"
emote canta "And the forests will echo with laughter."
emote canta "If there's a bustle in your hedgerow"
emote canta "Don't be alarmed now,"
emote canta "It's just a spring clean for the May queen."
emote canta "Yes, there are two paths you can go by"
emote canta "But in the long run"
emote canta "There's still time to change the road you're on."
emote canta "And it makes me wonder."
emote canta "Your head is humming and it won't go"
emote canta "In case you don't know,"
emote canta "The piper's calling you to join him,"
emote canta "Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow,"
emote canta "And did you know"
emote canta "Your stairway lies on the whispering wind."
emote canta "And as we wind on down the road"
emote canta "Our shadows taller than our soul."
emote canta "There walks a lady we all know"
emote canta "Who shines white light and wants to show"
emote canta "How ev'rything still turns to gold."
emote canta "And if you listen very hard"
emote canta "The tune will come to you at last."
emote canta "When all are one and one is all"
emote canta "To be a rock and not to roll."
emote canta "And she's buying a stairway to heaven."
noop
say Veramente uno dei piu` grandi non trovi?
emote canta "Walkin' in the park just the other day, Baby,"
emote canta "What do you, what do you think I saw?"
emote canta "Crowds of people sittin' on the grass with flowers in their hair said,"
emote canta ""Hey, Boy, do you wanna score?""
emote canta "And you know how it is;"
emote canta "I really don't know what time it was, woh, oh,"
emote canta "So I asked them if I could stay awhile."
emote canta "I didn't notice but it had got very dark and I was really,"
emote canta "Really out of my mind."
emote canta "Just then a policeman stepped up to me and asked us said,"
emote canta ""Please, hey, would we care to all get in line,"
emote canta "Get in line.""
emote canta "Well you know,"
emote canta "They asked us to stay for tea and have some fun,"
emote canta "Oh, oh, he said that his friends would all drop by, ooh."
emote canta "Why don't you take a good look at yourself and describe what you see,"
emote canta "And Baby, Baby, Baby, do you like it?"
emote canta "There you sit, sitting spare like a book on a shelf rustin'"
emote canta "Ah, not trying to fight it."
emote canta "You really don't care if they're coming, oh, oh,"
emote canta "I know that it's all a state of mind, ooh."
emote canta "If you go down in the streets today, Baby, you better,"
emote canta "You better open your eyes."
emote canta "Folk down there really don't care, really don't care, don't care, really don't"
emote canta "Which, which way the pressure lies,"
emote canta "So I've decided what I'm gonna do now."
emote canta "So I'm packing my bags for the Misty Mountains"
emote canta "Where the spirits go now,"
emote canta "Over the hills where the spirits fly, ooh."
emote canta "I really don't know."
emote beve un po' d'acqua sa un bicchiere sul piano
emote canta "Oh, Baby, it's cryin' time,"
emote canta "Oh, Baby, I got to fly."
emote canta "Got to try to find a way,"
emote canta "Got to try to get away,"
emote canta "'Cause you know I gotta get away from you, Babe."
emote canta "Oh, Baby, the river's red,"
emote canta "Oh, Baby, in my head."
emote canta "There's a funny feelin' goin' on,"
emote canta "I don't think I can hold out long."
emote canta "And when the owls cry in the night,"
emote canta "Oh, Baby, Baby, when the pines begin to cry,"
emote canta "Baby, Baby, Baby, how do you feel?"
emote canta "If the river runs dry, Baby,"
emote canta "How do you feel?"
emote canta "Craze, Baby, the rainbow's end,"
emote canta "Mmm, Baby, it's just a den"
emote canta "For those who hide,"
emote canta "Who hide their love to depths of life"
emote canta "And ruin dreams that we all knew so, Babe."
emote canta "And when the owls cry in the night,"
emote canta "Oh, Baby, Baby, when the pines begin to cry,"
emote canta "Baby, Baby, Baby, how do you feel?"
emote canta "If the river runs dry, Baby,"
emote canta "How do you feel?"
smile
emote canta "Spent my days with a woman unkind,"
emote canta "Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine."
emote canta "Made up my mind to make a new start,"
emote canta "Going To California with an aching in my heart."
emote canta "Someone told me there's a girl out there"
emote canta "With love in her eyes and flowers in her hair."
emote canta "Took my chances on a big jet plane,"
emote canta "Never let them tell you that they're all the same."
emote canta "The sea was red and the sky was grey,"
emote canta "Wondered how tomorrow could ever follow today."
emote canta "The mountains and the canyons started to tremble and shake"
emote canta "As the children of the sun began to awake."
emote canta "Seems that the wrath of the Gods"
emote canta "Got a punch on the nose and it started to flow;"
emote canta "I think I might be sinking."
emote canta "Throw me a line if I reach it in time"
emote canta "I'll meet you up there where the path"
emote canta "Runs straight and high."
emote canta "To find a queen without a king;"
emote canta "They say she plays guitar and cries and sings."
emote canta "La la la la"
emote canta "Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn"
emote canta "Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born."
emote canta "Standing on a hill in my mountain of dreams,"
emote canta "Telling myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems."
say bene, abbiamo quasi finito... giusto un ultimo pezzo
emote accorda la chitarra nuovamente
emote canta "If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break,"
emote canta "If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break,"
emote canta "When The Levee Breaks I'll have no place to stay."
emote canta "Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan,"
emote canta "Lord, mean old levee taught me to weep and moan,"
emote canta "Got what it takes to make a mountain man leave his home,"
emote canta "Oh, well, oh, well, oh, well."
emote canta "Don't it make you feel bad"
emote canta "When you're tryin' to find your way home,"
emote canta "You don't know which way to go?"
emote canta "If you're goin' down South"
emote canta "They go no work to do,"
emote canta "If you don't know about Chicago."
emote canta "Cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good,"
emote canta "Now, cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good,"
emote canta "When the levee breaks, mama, you got to move."
emote canta "All last night sat on the levee and moaned,"
emote canta "All last night sat on the levee and moaned,"
emote canta "Thinkin' 'bout me baby and my happy home."
emote canta "Going, go'n' to Chicago,"
emote canta "Go'n' to Chicago,"
emote canta "Sorry but I can't take you."
emote canta "Going down, going down now, going down."
say Grazie!  grazie... troppo gentile
say Buonanotte! E buona fortuna!
goto 13587
sleep
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
noop
wake
yawn
smile
say E` ora di andare al lavoro
end
